http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/full-issue
DailyNews Issue for Tuesday, Mar 31st, 2020 | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Tuesday, Mar 31st, 2020 Previous Editions Tue. Mar 31st, 2020 Mon. Mar 30th, 2020 Fri. Mar 27th, 2020 Thu. Mar 26th, 2020 Wed. Mar 25th, 2020 Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Tuesday, Mar 31st, 2020 Previous Editions Tue. Mar 31st, 2020 Mon. Mar 30th, 2020 Fri. Mar 27th, 2020 Thu. Mar 26th, 2020 Wed. Mar 25th, 2020 Windsor-West MP Brian Masse, who has proposed making Ojibway Shores an Urban National Park, will hear suggestions from UWindsor students about what it should feature on Friday. Public invited to hear student proposals for Ojibway Shores Mar 31st, 2020 Project presentations for Tim Brunet’s class “Ways of Knowing - Capabilities Approach” will go online Friday in what the instructor is calling a feature, not a bug. Groups will use an online meeting to pitch their ideas for the proposed Ojibway Shores Urban National Park to Windsor-West MP Brian Masse, and the public is invited to watch. “All the students will chime in from their homes,” explains Brunet. “Even before the move to remote classes, we had planned to provide online access to the public. What changes now is that the students have to work in a dispersed collaboration, which is also a learning outcome for the class.” Brunet says the course requires students to develop connections locally and globally, making the project a perfect fit. Masse has been calling for the 33-acre shoreline site to join neighbouring areas — the Ojibway complex, Spring Garden Natural Area, Black Oak Heritage Park — as a nature preserve. “Each group will suggest features that could be included in this protected greenspace, which requires co-operation province to state, country to country,” says Brunet. “The idea of the course is to have them explore what they have learned in a social context.” Student Deanna Davidson, a sociology major, says the course taught her the value of networking. “Most assignments in my university career have had very strict guidelines, and are to be completed individually,” she says. “This assignment gave me and my group the ability to generate ideas as a collective and learn to work with others, a very important skill in the workforce.” She encourages tuning in to Friday's teleconference to gain a true feel for what is going on in the local community. “All of the students within our class, from Windsor Essex County or abroad, have taken a personal interest in our community and the proposed Ojibway Shores National Urban Park,” Davidson says. “We want to bring out the best in individuals within our community by bringing them closer to nature physically and intellectually.” The nine presentations will run 10:15 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Friday, April 3. The livestream is available through the Zoom videoconferencing platform. Viewing is open to the public by registering in advance: https://uwindsor.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_erJvuatTYPnkpDv. Human Resources has released a series of tips aimed at helping staff and faculty transition to working remotely. Tips aimed at helping staff and faculty transition to working from home Mar 31st, 2020 Working remotely brings a sudden loss of companionship and socializing that are inherent in the workplace and it makes it more challenging to manage the distractions associated with home. The key to working successfully from home is to create an environment that allows you to focus on the work to be accomplished while managing the distractions that are part of the new reality. The Department of Human Resources has compiled tips from experts aimed at helping staff and faculty stay focused, productive and well while working remotely. Among the tips outlined in the document are to: create a dedicated and comfortable workspace; keep a regular morning routine; structure your day like you would at the office; avoid isolation and fight the urge to multitask. The document encourages employees to practise self-care. “Drink plenty of water, eat healthy, get up and move around, and set aside time to deal with your worries,” it reads. “These are unprecedented times which can lead to increased stress and anxiety.” It also outlines home office safety and ergonomics tips and reminds employees to stay updated by regularly consulting the University of Windsor Coronavirus website. Read the entire document, “Tips for Working Remotely During the COVID-19 Pandemic.” —Marcela Ciampa In a video message Monday, UWindsor president Robert Gordon provided an update to students on developments in the fight against the coronavirus. Video message provides update for students Mar 31st, 2020 In a video message to the campus community, UWindsor president Robert Gordon provides an update to students on developments in the fight against the coronavirus. Dr. Gordon directed students to consider their options for grading choice, extended an invitation for spring graduands and their families to attend Convocation ceremonies this fall, assured residence students that the University will continue to care for them, and announced registration for intersession and summer session courses. Watch the entire five-minute video. The COVID-19 Wellbeing Portal provides tips on how to cope with the emotions and life changes related to the pandemic. Webpage to boost mental health and wellbeing Mar 31st, 2020 With the disruption to everyday life surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, it is normal and common for people to be experiencing a change to their mental wellbeing, says Ashley Vodarek, mental health and wellness co-ordinator. The Wellness Outreach Office has created a webpage to assist students, faculty, and staff in taking care of their mental wellbeing during this time. The COVID-19 Wellbeing Portal provides information about why people may be experiencing feelings of stress and anxiousness, tips for how to cope with the emotions and life changes related to the pandemic, as well as campus and community mental health resources for further support. “The campus community is invited to share this page with everyone to help provide the information via classroom Blackboard sites, links to the site from other webpages, using social media channels and any other means to assist in getting the word out,” Vodarek says. The portal offers guidance on many aspects of the new ways of living including isolation, social distancing, self-care, meeting one’s basic needs, and adapting to changes in routine. As many students have returned home, a link is located on this page to mental health resources listed by province as well as updates to services such as the Student Counselling Centre, which remains open remotely for counselling appointments available via videoconference or telephone. Students and recent alumni many also access the My Student Support Program, a 24/7 service to talk or text with a counsellor in multiple languages, available by downloading the ‘MySSP’ app or calling 1-844-451-9700. Read more about mental health tips, coping strategies and resources to manage wellbeing on the webpage uwindsor.ca/coronavirus/wellbeing-portal. For questions about the Wellbeing Portal or resources, contact wellness@uwindsor.ca. Form invites questions about University’s pandemic response Mar 31st, 2020 The University’s Coronavirus updates website includes answers to Frequently Asked Questions by students and employees, and now features a form that allows members of both groups to submit inquiries about issues not yet addressed. The organizers ask users to review answers already provided before submitting a question, and promise to review and respond to inquiries as soon as possible. Find the form here. A community resource hub provides the Windsor-Essex region with reliable, fact-based information during the COVID-19 pandemic. Resource hub a one-stop shop for researchers, healthcare providers, and the community on COVID-19 Mar 31st, 2020 WE-Spark Health Institute has launched a community resource hub to provide the Windsor-Essex region with reliable, fact-based information during the COVID-19 pandemic. Areas covered include: Local, provincial, and global statistics and numbers Funding opportunities, guidelines, and databases for researchers Centre for Disease Control guidance and resources for medical professionals Psychosocial support for healthcare providers Canadian Mental Health Association information Mental health applications and tools Information for children and teens on Coronavirus, getting support, and staying safe Windsor Regional Hospital and Coronavirus Hôtel-Dieu Grace Healthcare and Coronavirus Windsor Regional Hospital Assessment Centre Financial support “We created this one-stop-shop resource — for researchers, healthcare providers, and our community, said Lisa Porter, WE-Spark executive director. “There’s something there for everyone.” To view the full list of information and resources, visit www.wesparkhealth.com WE-Spark Health Institute is a strategic partnership between the University of Windsor, Hôtel-Dieu Grace Healthcare, St. Clair College, and Windsor Regional Hospital. Internal/External Job Postings Nov 12, 2019 - Application Server Administrator (Peoplesoft) Classification "VII" in the Department of IT Services IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Issue Creating Channels In Teams Mar 26, 2020 Message from Blackboard for Collaborate customers: Mar 24, 2020 Outage - eCV Mar 6, 2020 Login Page Maintenance Feb 20, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
