https://my.uwindsor.ca/web/uw/so/login
Main - myuwindsor Sign In Contact Us Navigation Main Skip to Content Breadcrumbs myuwindsor Main UWindsor Daily News News Items Public invited to hear student proposals for Ojibway Shores UWindsor students will present MP Brian Masse with suggestions for his proposed Urban National Park on Friday. 18 hours ago Tips aimed at helping staff and faculty transition to working from home Human Resources has released a series of tips aimed at helping staff and faculty transition to working remotely. 18 hours ago Video message provides update for students In a video message Monday, UWindsor president Robert Gordon provided an update to students on developments in the fight against the coron... 18 hours ago Webpage to boost mental health and wellbeing The COVID-19 Wellbeing Portal provides tips on how to cope with the emotions and life changes related to the pandemic. 18 hours ago Form invites questions about University’s pandemic response A new form invites questions from students and employees about the Coronavirus and the University’s response. 18 hours ago Resource hub a one-stop shop for researchers, healthcare providers, and the community on COVID-19 A community resource hub provides the Windsor-Essex region with reliable, fact-based information during the COVID-19 pandemic. 18 hours ago Athletics announces awards nominees The athletics department will announce the winners of its major awards over the next two weeks. 2 days ago Program turning ideas into businesses The EPIC Founders program enables participants to explore their business ideas. 2 days ago Cast and crew issue thanks to theatre patrons The cast and crew of the University Players show “Stag and Doe” created a video message of appreciation for the theatre company’s audiences. 2 days ago Faculty of Ed reviews online resources to help educators and parents teaching from home Education professor Bonnie Stewart has found a wider audience for a project reviewing online teaching tools. 5 days ago Bookstore News News Items Course Material Refund Deadline Classes starting on January 6, the course material refund deadline is January 17, 2020. Regular Store Hours Regular Store Hours - Monday-Friday 9 am to 5 pm Textbook Buyback - Sell your books! Use our Buyback online search tool to register your used books or newly purchased textbooks. You will be notified automatically by email ... ITS Hot News News Items IT Services offers tips for being cyber secure while working remotely With most UWindsor faculty, staff, and students now working from off-campus locations, Information Technology Services recommends the fol... 7 days ago Booths to assist users in setting up multi-factor authentication Need help setting up your multi-factor authentication (MFA) options? Or just have questions about how MFA will work when it is enabled on... 4 weeks ago IT Service Desk extends hours to facilitate multi-factor authentication With multi-factor authentication (MFA) being enabled today on all faculty, sessional instructor, post-doctoral fellow, and adjunct profes... 1 month ago Implementation of multi-factor authentication underway The full rollout of multi-factor authentication (MFA) at UWindsor has begun. MFA was enabled Thursday on all staff, student employee, non... 1 month ago Database upgrade to take myUWinfo offline Saturday An upgrade to the underlying human resource database will take myUWinfo, UWindsor’s gateway to human resource information, offline on Sat... 1 month ago Options available for multi-factor authentication Multi-factor authentication (MFA) combines two or more independent credentials or “factors” — typically something you know (e.g. your pas... 2 months ago IT Services shares numbers on Multi-Factor Authentication To date, 452 faculty and staff members have Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) enabled on their UWin accounts. Information Technology Serv... 2 months ago Phased MFA implementation underway The first phase of the rollout of multi-factor authentication (MFA) starts today. 2 months ago Rollout of multi-factor authentication set to start Thursday The phased rollout of multi-factor authentication (MFA) at UWindsor begins Thursday, Jan. 30. “Early adopter” faculty and staff members w... 2 months ago Registration proceeding for multi-factor authentication More than 670 UWindsor faculty and staff members have set up their multi-factor authentication (MFA) options so they can continue accessi... 2 months ago ©2013 University of Windsor | 401 Sunset Avenue | Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 | 519-253-3000 | (my2)
